Vic Sicard: Okay, you should be on there. Try it.
Vic Sicard: hey? Hey? I think I got it in there.
Vic Sicard: Okay, hey? There you are, Cutie.
Vic Sicard: So it's like.
Annie Sicard: Okay, hold on a second.
Annie Sicard: Okay?
Vic Sicard: Close your door.
Annie Sicard: Alright, hopefully, we don't have any issues here. I got Lana texting me. And what would you do?
Annie Sicard: Okay, sorry about that.
Annie Sicard: All right.
Vic Sicard: Alright!
Annie Sicard: Can you see me? Okay, everything. Look, okay. Here.
Vic Sicard: Yeah, I think everything looks great.
Annie Sicard: Let's see, picking my hair.
Annie Sicard: Okay.
Annie Sicard: maybe I should let me close the blind a little bit more.
Annie Sicard: Okay, I think that's better.
Annie Sicard: Yeah, okay.
Vic Sicard: Alright, you ready.
Vic Sicard: Okay, Annie Seacard, welcome. Appreciate you, taking time to sit in and go through this interview process with us here at selfcast studios. Thank you very much, and welcome.
Annie Sicard: Thank you. It's so wonderful to be here, and I'm very excited about this opportunity.
Vic Sicard: Great. Yeah, it's a. It's a very
Vic Sicard: the 1st opportunity. You know. We offer a lot of different services, a lot of different packages, a lot of different things. And we cater to a lot of different people.
Vic Sicard: And you know whether depending upon what stage you are and like where you are and what you want to do with this package?
Vic Sicard: you know we offer a lot of different things. What? What do you know about us. Do you know anything about like some of the services that we offer, or or what we're actually doing?
Annie Sicard: I think you're here to help me put my message out into the world.
Vic Sicard: Okay, yeah, we definitely help people.
Vic Sicard: you know, navigate and narrate that process so that you know, we can help do that sort of thing
Vic Sicard: alright. Well, just start off in
Vic Sicard: Well, let's start this way. I I know you are an avid reader, and you stay up in in a lot of different diverse
Vic Sicard: podcasts and and books and articles and people and things of that nature. Is there anything like you've been reading or studying on. That's kind of in the forefront of your mind. It's kind of interesting for you right now that you maybe would like to share or talk about.
Annie Sicard: Yeah, that's a great question. I have been doing a lot of reading and listening podcasts, and Youtube podcasts as well about kind of what is going on globally with
Annie Sicard: our evolutionary process as as human beings. And
Annie Sicard: I have done a lot of research and kind of since I was in my early to mid twenties, kind of about the human development process as well as
Annie Sicard: the human potential movement. So I'm very, very excited about learning what, who we are, how we show up in the world, and where are we going.
Vic Sicard: Oh, wow! That's that covers a lot of bases. Is there things in there that maybe
Vic Sicard: kind of resonate with you more than others in that you know human movement that you're talking about. How
Vic Sicard: or or better yet, how would that like
Vic Sicard: kinda affect you personally? Or how does it. How do you take that information and use it for yourself?
Annie Sicard: Well, I think right now, you know.
Annie Sicard: as throughout history, we could probably say this right now, we're feeling that there's a lot of struggle happening, and a lot of polarity that's happening in the way that we see the world and the way that we want to experience our reality. And there's a lot of polarity in that right now. And with that polarity comes a lot of separation
Annie Sicard: and a lot of fear. And anger. Some of those lower kind of vibrational emotional states of being. And I
Annie Sicard: am very interested in learning how to neutralize that, so that we can really get down to what's important, and that is to continue to evolve as a species, to be able to rise to our highest potential, to be the greatest expression of the divine as possible.
Annie Sicard: and work through these obstacles that have been placed in our space currently right now, which is what I just spoke about. All of the polarities that are happening to be able to act as a bridge and a balancer, to help people
Annie Sicard: move from those lower states of emotional responses to the higher states or closer to the self. Actualization states.
Vic Sicard: Great great!
Vic Sicard: That's quite a journey. It seems like you didn't just
Vic Sicard: stumble upon this, is it? Is there? Has there been things in your life that have kind of like led you up to where you're at. In addition to what you've been reading like life experiences or or challenges or accomplishments that have gotten you to this point.
Annie Sicard: Yeah, I think. That I have kind of been wired this way since I was a young girl. You know I was kind of born into a certain era and time and space in the early seventies in Southern California, to to
Annie Sicard: 2 people who were very counterculture at the time, which is exactly what was happening in the early, you know, late sixties, early seventies, just a lot of counterculture, redefining roles, questioning
Annie Sicard: lifestyles, wanting to find freedom from these old systems. And along with that.
Annie Sicard: a lot of experimentation that was going on. And there was a lot of good things, and there was a lot of not so good things, and so the not so good things that I experienced were not feeling very safe, and not really feeling as though, that I were the priority. It was more of, you know the parents struggles were the priority, and so I didn't feel like
Annie Sicard: there was much investment in me that I was kind of just a I was just here, and and it was a loving, you know, I had loving relationships. But there was a lot of instability in just my parents, own personal development and some stagnation, and some just
Annie Sicard: you know, they were just trying to figure it out, and I was born into that. And so what? What does that mean for me? Well, for a long time I allowed myself to feel victimized by the regrets or the feeling like I didn't get what I deserved. And I know that a lot of kids, a lot of people in my generation, and we have similar conversations around that we felt like at the time. Our parents were very self absorbed
Annie Sicard: and
Annie Sicard: and so we feel like, because of that. You know, we didn't get the support we needed. And you know, basically build a story around that and kind of find ourselves more in a victim consciousness and then see the world through that lens. And so
Annie Sicard: I played that out, for you know, several decades in my life. I think a lot of people do once they, you know, hit those like early twenties starting to move into their early thirties. They have more clarity about
Annie Sicard: their set and setting that they were born into, and you start to really take a closer look at those things that you liked and that you didn't like. And then you determine how you want to show up in the world, and how you might want to raise your own family. Different.
Annie Sicard: The problem I think that I experienced was that I created a lot of separation and judgment and anger around my story, and ultimately hurt, you know, really hurt
Annie Sicard: my mother and also hurt myself. And I'm still, you know as a early 50 year old, working around that story of forgiveness and asking for forgiveness and forgiving others, and just trying to
Annie Sicard: complete that, so that I can move on
Annie Sicard: so just healing that that family trauma and you know, and so many of us are doing this all at the same time. Obviously, it's not a unique story, but
Annie Sicard: through that process. What I realize is that
Annie Sicard: my imprinting as a young child was to try to make myself feel safe. I needed to figure out how to try to control a situation as a child, which obviously, that's not really possible. But I started to create these very strong character types as a young child, which is incredible.
Annie Sicard: but also at the same time, like I didn't really get to be a child. I didn't get to experience the innocence of that childhood, and authentically be able to grow into my childhood in a healthy way.
Annie Sicard: So I accept that. But I also really accept the strong qualities that were that I experienced because of my set and setting that I was born into so so what has helped me to really understand is that you know it. Really.
Annie Sicard: our experience in life really is determined, by the way, that we judge our experiences. And so when we judge our experiences as a negative. Then we pull that through and tend to perpetuate that experience
Annie Sicard: when we can, when we can get past that and recognize that it was a opportunity to expand and to grow. Then we can use that opportunity for good things, and to create more good and positive and expansion in our lives.
Annie Sicard: So this is the the kind of event, the the lens that I view the world.
Annie Sicard: So as I'm in my interactions with people in my day to day life. I have now really tended to show up more as a neutral mind, and really try to help others find some balance of viewpoint so that they can really take a look at
Annie Sicard: the lens in which they're seeing the world? Is it a positive mind? Is it a negative mind, or is it a neutral mind? So that neutral mind is what the Buddhist would call like the middle way? It's that place where we we don't judge the external
Annie Sicard: storyline. We just see it. It's kind of a sense of trust, knowing that it's for our greater good in that we use that as part of our hero's journey, and we can have several different heroes journey in one lifetime. So when we're able to kind of flip that script and see the world in that perspective.
Annie Sicard: It lightens everything up, and it creates so much space within our hearts and our minds to really be able to show up fully and be present in this incarnation.
Annie Sicard: And so it helps to create a clear right way of thinking and seeing in the world, and that leads to a greater sense of peace and joy and ability to connect with others.
Vic Sicard: So. Yeah, no, I mean that totally makes sense. So you you kind of laid out the the.
Vic Sicard: the prehistory of you know
Vic Sicard: where you're from, and then what you've what you've learned from it, and how you apply it to your life today. But in between there, where they're on that journey where they're like Aha! Moments where there's things that went from your, you know.
Vic Sicard: the hero's journey of the early stages being.
Vic Sicard: you know, going through the trials and tribulations, not really knowing.
Vic Sicard: and then figuring out, Oh, wait a minute. This is for my good, or this is something that I can learn from, and and then use going forward like you're saying now to not only help yourself, but help others. So in that middle part where they're where they're
Vic Sicard: were there things that happened that gave you those Aha! Moments that you could speak to.
Annie Sicard: Yeah, I I would say.
Annie Sicard: you know I I had my daughter May, as a young woman, so I got pregnant with her when I was 20, and then had her right before my 21st birthday. So I was a young mother, with no experience really with children whatsoever. I found myself in a very rocky, emotionally abusive relationship. I
Annie Sicard: and that's a whole nother story. But the contrast of what that created for me. When that relationship closed and my new relationship opened with my current husband. Vic, had I not had that contrast.
Annie Sicard: it really helped me to understand and to receive love more fully because I was in a dark, unloving relationship. And then, when love came in, I was so hungry for it and so open to it that I think I was able to receive it in a much larger way than I would have otherwise if I hadn't had that contrast.
Annie Sicard: So that was an interesting thing to be able to witness. And then, once
Annie Sicard: my husband, Vic and I got married, I because there was this sense of because I was infused with love and support, and this sense of security and safety because of his love.
Annie Sicard: My spiritual life, just skyrocketed like it, just like spiritually grew and made up kind of for lost for those lost years where I was in that dark place. So that helped me also understand how
Annie Sicard: contrast and polarity it has a place here in this realm. In this reality there is a reason for it as much as we wish. You know we desire to have this sense of of
Annie Sicard: just non effort. We want to make things really, really good for our kids. We wish for ourselves to have these perfect ideals. But
Annie Sicard: what we don't realize is that it lessens our opportunities for growth, because in this reality it is about polarities, and it is about. Do you use the darkness which acts as a portal for the light.
Annie Sicard: you know, and that I was just listening to Gaia TV last night, and there was someone on there who was talking about. You know the great void. The darkness was the beginning, and from the darkness came the light. And so there you have the contrast. And I've experienced that
Annie Sicard: many times in my life, and if you sit down and you meditate on that, and think about your own life and contemplate your own life. You can see that concept all over the place. Another example of that that
Annie Sicard: stark contrast is.
Annie Sicard: my daughter. May passed away at a young age she was almost 22 years old, and she passed away almost 10 years ago, and the level of pain that I experienced from that
Annie Sicard: was unimaginable.
Annie Sicard: and the level of light and love that came through because of her leaving her body was unimaginable. And so once again, another example of contrast and a choice point where we can either choose to be Victor's, or we can choose to be valors. And we can use these points in our lives that appear dark.
Annie Sicard: but actually have the opportunity to reflect light. And I think that's what we what we're actually seeing. That's happening right now in this particular time and space, with this deep polar shift.
Annie Sicard: remembering that it's a full circle. And even though we look to be as polar, we're actually in the same
Annie Sicard: continuum. And so once we realize that we can also kind of see how those polar polar points might be able to come a little bit closer and so, and that's all, all that. I I really.
Annie Sicard: you know, I feel like my message and mission is is to create more awareness around. How do we find neutral mind?
Annie Sicard: How do we find more balance?
Annie Sicard: How do we take those things that appear dark and unjust? And instead of
Annie Sicard: hitting them face on and trying to confront them and blow them apart. How can we then, just backdoor
Annie Sicard: backdoor? What's happening? Recreate our own version of what we feel is just.
Annie Sicard: and see how it shifts. How it then would shift those polar points. So instead of a head-on angry confrontation, it's more about just a neutral mind not putting attention and energy into that, putting attention and energy into what it is we would have created.
Vic Sicard: Would you rather have? Right? So
Vic Sicard: so one of the Major, I'm hearing you say one of the major
Vic Sicard: points, or kind of Aha points along your path has been the understanding of contrast. It seems as though you've got a pretty good knowledge of that. Has there been other, maybe topics similar to contrast that you have learned along the way of your life experiences that you're knowledgeable, that you feel you could speak to.
Vic Sicard: Yeah, stress.
Annie Sicard: Yeah, I think you know, there's 3 pillars
Annie Sicard: that are part of my kind of my my mission, what I'm here to help support. And
Annie Sicard: it's pretty simple, and it all comes back to, you know, we'll just start with the material world. We live in a material world. We have a physical body. So it starts with our body container. Then we move into. And of course it's not just a linear. I mean, it happens all kind of in conjunction we've got, then, mind. And how does the mind
Annie Sicard: create our reality? And how does the mind create our body?
Annie Sicard: And how does the body create our mind, so you can see it kind of goes back and forth, and then we have spirit, or we have soul. We have spirit, and then we have soul. So we've got the over
Annie Sicard: body, which is the soul, which is the one connected to the divine. And then, as each, you know, kind of each realm
Annie Sicard: of existence. We, we differentiate, we differentiate, we differentiate. And we. We're here on this physical plane as a material body. And we also exist as a soul. So
Annie Sicard: so how do we
Annie Sicard: ascend? How do we fully show up in a hundred percent ourselves here in this realm, but also connect in the ascension process. And it's in that that we fully express our humanity. And so how can I support the self actualization process?
Annie Sicard: How can I be a a
Annie Sicard: a support to that, a contribute to that, a reminder of that, a reminder of who we actually are and why we're really here.
Annie Sicard: And then a participant as well.
Vic Sicard: Yeah, no. I get that so kind of going back to that idea of like your journey and you know things that have brought you to this point. Could you like if someone came to you for advice about these sort of things? It sounds like you're you've got a pretty good grasp, and can communicate this verbally. Very well. But would
Vic Sicard: what would you pass on to? A friend or family member? That maybe, is like a book, or a speaker, or a mentor, or something something that you have experienced or
Vic Sicard: heard, that you feel is a strong representation of of these strengths that you speak about to someone else.
Annie Sicard: Well, I think I think it's important for for each person to find the thing that resonates with them most, so I'll just speak for myself.
Annie Sicard: you know, when I was 26 years old.
Annie Sicard: You know, Deepak Chopra was such an influence to me, and that really opened me up. Wayne Dyer as well on Pbs.
Vic Sicard: Retire.
Annie Sicard: Yeah,
Annie Sicard: Hinduism and Buddhism has been a very integral part of my life as an adult, as a child Christianity and my real relationship with Christ. A genuine experience and connection with Christ was established. And I, you know, any time
Annie Sicard: something comes up in my life that is more than I can handle.
Annie Sicard: I reach Christ like, that's my, that's my lifeline. So I have a strong connection with the divine and the Eastern philosophies. I practice those skills.
Annie Sicard: So I use it all in conjunction, and I think but you know, that's for me individually. So I think it's just you've got to find the thing that speaks to you. The most important thing is that you find the thing that you can practice that speaks to you, that helps you helps promote these higher level
Annie Sicard: aspects of what it is to be a human being. This is what makes us different than everything else that exists is our ability to communicate with and love one another, and our ability to communicate in love with all that is, although that ever is ever was, ever will be. This is what makes us unique. And so.
Annie Sicard: whatever that path is for you is what you're looking for. I also like to just remind ourselves that tiny little steps are as powerful as big giant leaps. So it doesn't have to be. This overwhelming but small consistent
Annie Sicard: actions, small, consistent commitments to grow ourselves are is vitally important and then, you know.
Annie Sicard: it's also kind of using the analogy, you know, if you're working out. But you're not eating properly, you might be building a little bit of muscle, but you're not going to see it because you're not eating properly, and you're creating fat cells. So diet
Annie Sicard: is a foundational piece of that body, mind, spirit continuum, specifically just foundational stuff starting with microbiome. So nutrition. So I've spent a lot of years in the coaching Yoga world. I studied with Ayurveda at Rocky Mountain School of Ayurveda.
Annie Sicard: I am an iridologist which I can look at people's irises and see what is going on in their internal systems in the body and recommend things to help for them to be able to find their wholeness again. So the body has the ability to balance itself. It's just that we have. The mind has to agree to cooperate, and we have to activate our personal will.
Annie Sicard: So it's all of that in conjunction. So you know
Annie Sicard: you can do little bits of this together and integrate it and start to see real changes in your life. And it doesn't have to be. You don't have to go to a 10 day silent retreat, or you don't have to spend, you know, $20,000 going to
Annie Sicard: some, you know, Guru workshop, even though that's really fun. Those are amazing. And they can make huge openings for you. But you don't have to do that.
Annie Sicard: So yeah, I guess.
Vic Sicard: That's a that sums it up pretty well, you know you speak very fluently about the things you're knowledgeable of, and
Vic Sicard: sounds like you. You know you
Vic Sicard: have some strong background that people come to you for, as far as advice or or knowledge that you've acquired over the years, and you mentioned your coaching and things of that nature? Are there? Are there things in there, you know, in your identity or in your experience, that maybe you're hesitant to share. But
Vic Sicard: or let me rephrase, let me reframe. That. Has there been
Vic Sicard: things in your past, you know, in your identity or your experience, that you're hesitant to share. But then come to find out. It really is your some of your strengths.
Annie Sicard: Yes.
Annie Sicard: So when I was growing up part of my experience as a young girl, I was 8 years old. My mom was doing the best that she could as a single parent. We lived in a very poor area of Southern Missouri. She worked a lot. She didn't feel good
Annie Sicard: in all the ways, and she didn't have a lot of support. Therefore I didn't. You know it translated to me. I didn't have a lot of support.
Annie Sicard: And I was so hungry and in need for that.
Annie Sicard: and my friend invited me to go to her Baptist church. So I was like 8 8 or 9
Annie Sicard: and I went to the Baptist Church, and if you've ever been to a Baptist church
Annie Sicard: most Sundays, or this is how it used to be, anyway, I don't know if it's still this way, but there would be an altar call, and you could come to the altar and accept Christ as your personal Savior.
Annie Sicard: and I was sitting there in the pew, and I like I had to go up there.
Annie Sicard: and I went up there, and I cried and cried and cried, and felt
Annie Sicard: the Holy Spirit. I didn't know that I was spirit at the time I felt Christ. I felt God enter into my heart
Annie Sicard: I felt this pillar of strength come into me.
Annie Sicard: and I had a real experience. So then I went home to my mom and shared this with her because we were Catholics before that, and there was not a Catholic church where we were living, so we didn't really participate in any kind of religious practice.
Annie Sicard: and my mother was so moved by my experience that she felt like she needed to go to the Baptist church as well, and she also had an experience like that for herself, and it was so important because we really needed to have that
Annie Sicard: assistance in our life. And it doesn't mean that things were perfect after that, I mean we still, but it definitely got us started on a much different path than where it had been.
Annie Sicard: We graduated from the Baptist Church to Pentecostal Church Assemblies, Pentecostal in Forsyth, Missouri, a very
Annie Sicard: charismatic, spirit-filled church, also extremely judgmental but
Annie Sicard: I had a real experience there as well being filled with the Holy Spirit.
Annie Sicard: and I remember wanting to have this experience, and
Annie Sicard: opening my heart, opening my heart, opening my heart, you know, like week after week after week, opening my heart, I'm like
Annie Sicard: 1212 years old, 12 or 13 years old.
Annie Sicard: And then the Holy Spirit came in, and I had. I started speaking in tongues which is light language.
Annie Sicard: so that is light language, so
Annie Sicard: you may know that in other circles you may know it as speaking in tongues. What I think it is is a just, a direct spirit
Annie Sicard: communication out of body experience
Annie Sicard: all the things. But I had that when I was 12 or 13.
Annie Sicard: I use that still to access realms specifically when I'm being faced with fear or
Annie Sicard: like the loss of my daughter May, the morning that I found out that she had passed. I instantly
Annie Sicard: had an out-of-body experience.
Annie Sicard: I could go on and on. That's a whole nother thing 1st for a very long time. I never told anyone you know about that
Annie Sicard: until I realized that people should know about that. That is very important to share, because
Annie Sicard: for me it was. It's it's it's real
Annie Sicard: so I would say that that's probably something that
Annie Sicard: I'm more free to speak about.
Annie Sicard: The other thing is, you know, I have, through the loss of May.
Annie Sicard: my ability to see through the veil and to have access to the other side is
Annie Sicard: far more clear than it ever would have been before if she had not left, and it continues to grow stronger every year.
Annie Sicard: and my daughter May is assisting me in that
Annie Sicard: understanding and and knowing and feeling.
Annie Sicard: and that is something that really excites me, because I want to continue continue to open up the doors of perception.
Annie Sicard: and because this is something that we in innately are born with, we, we have the divine skill to be able to do that, but it takes some clearing out in order to access that. So so that's another piece as well.
Vic Sicard: Sounds great, you know, taking that kind of goes back to what you're saying, as far as your contrast, and and seeing things for more than what they are at face value, and then, having the strength that you've acquired in your journey to.
Vic Sicard: to, to speak your truth, to speak your truth. And that's kind of you know,
Vic Sicard: part of this program. What it's doing is is being able to help people to speak their truth.
Vic Sicard: And we're putting that into, you know, an online package to where it is. It's not, you know, this is not. I'm not making this up. I'm not creating this. This is all coming from your truth. And so what we're trying to do is not only
Vic Sicard: take your truth and understand it, but then put it out there and like.
Vic Sicard: Put it out there for people who need to hear this because other people will
Vic Sicard: draw strength from your experiences as you have. So what would you say like when we put this out there? What? What kind of action do you hope people
Vic Sicard: do you hope people find in your stories, or like inspiration from your stories. What sort of things do you hope to that? They do find.
Annie Sicard: I hope that people will start to be able to take a closer look at
Annie Sicard: the the mental constructs that they see the world through and begin to question why they think the things that they do.
Annie Sicard: And then also to question whether that is serving them and serving humanity
Annie Sicard: cause. I feel like, if we all just started to get more clear about
Annie Sicard: how we allow ourselves to be controlled by our own mental constructs.
Annie Sicard: Then we can start to bring a lot more harmony in all of our relationships, less hatred, less judgment towards those that have different viewpoints than ourselves.
Annie Sicard: because at the end of the day
Annie Sicard: I have a different viewpoint than somebody that has a polar opposite view of the world. And so I'm going to project hate and judgment at them for that.
Annie Sicard: or they're going to do that to me, what point is that?
Annie Sicard: How does that serve anything or anyone?
Annie Sicard: It doesn't.
Annie Sicard: But also, at the same time, I understand that we're also building a system together.
Annie Sicard: we're co collaborating our reality together. And so when we have these polar opposite viewpoints of how we think reality should be run.
Annie Sicard: That's really where the rubber meets the road. That's the true practice. In theory it's easy for me to sit here and say this, but unless I'm faced with situations where I actually have to put it into practice, then it's just words. So
Annie Sicard: so. But there's a lot of opportunities to practice that it just getting together with your family member and family members at Thanksgiving
Annie Sicard: is a great opportunity to practice that or
Annie Sicard: or driving down the road. Right is a great place to practice that going to the grocery store, I mean, there's opportunities to practice it in
Annie Sicard: the material world all the time.
Vic Sicard: Yep.
Vic Sicard: yeah, no, I I get it. You're you're talking about, you know, clarity of choices and and taking responsibility for the choices that we do and don't make
Vic Sicard: is very important. So in that same vein of themes or topics that you're trying to pass on, you know, from this content, let's just say we create this. And 6 months down the road. You have a lot of your story out there for people hopefully to be inspired hopefully to take note of hopefully, to just spark
Vic Sicard: a question in their head. And that's what sounds like you're talking about questions and choices. Would there be other things you would want people to take. Take away from it. Inspiration,
Vic Sicard: hope any any sort of things, any direction.
Annie Sicard: Yeah, just a more dialogue.
Annie Sicard: Let's keep talking through it. You know. I want to hear all sides of the perspective. I wanna I wanna understand why you feel and see the world the way that you do. I would hope that you would be able to do the same for me. Maybe you can. Maybe you can't. That's not. But I know that I can, and I will, and I'll make. I'll continue to make that choice.
Annie Sicard: Why do I want to make that choice because balance
Annie Sicard: it's it's all about balance. And and through that balance is how we create understanding, compassion connection.
Annie Sicard: It's just part of what it means to have a beautiful life.
Annie Sicard: Otherwise.
Annie Sicard: like working like we're drones. We're just, you know, caught up in the things that we've been indoctrinated to believe we need to do. There's no real personal connection or potential for growth. We just stagnate, it's numbed out. And we live our days. And it's just
Annie Sicard: blase. And that's another way. You know, there's a lot of ways to live a life.
Annie Sicard: But there's a lot of real, exciting, juicy, fulfilling, passionate, connecting possibilities that you can then
Annie Sicard: create and then take with you into the next.
Annie Sicard: You know, when we shed the body, we can take that with us into that creative. Into the creative field we can leave a legacy for generations to come, an energetic legacy. We talk all the time about what's your financial legacy
Annie Sicard: that's awesome. But we are literally creating our energetic legacies and impacting
Annie Sicard: so many more people than we could ever even imagine that we're impacting throughout our entire lives. And that is our energetic legacy. And so what is it that we are leaving behind? What is it that we are putting into that
Annie Sicard: the
Annie Sicard: universal, human, emotional field, collective field. What? How are you showing up? How are you contributing like? What are you doing?
Annie Sicard: Just thinking on those kinds of terms?
Vic Sicard: Yeah, it definitely sounds like, you know, you're talking about a journey right? It's a it's been a journey. And that's how one way that you look at it. It sounds like, and you've
Vic Sicard: you've experienced different things and and had your own understandings by
Vic Sicard: true life experiences and whatnot. Now you're talking about
Vic Sicard: like the legacy, like what you want to leave behind.
Vic Sicard: trying to inspire people to have more compassion with each other, to have
Vic Sicard: enable enable conversations to have space for other ideas, and not to be so crystallized.
Annie Sicard: Yeah.
Vic Sicard: Yeah, no, that sounds great. So on that same wavelength, I'm kinda in the
Vic Sicard: kind of on the legacy idea, like, what if I was to Google any C card right now, like, what would you hope
Vic Sicard: I would find? I would. I would learn about you from a Google search currently.
Annie Sicard: Well,
Annie Sicard: I would love to have you know, some content out there that's helping people expand and like support
Annie Sicard: the ideals that we just spoke about
Annie Sicard: that would help plant some seeds of just like
Annie Sicard: not even seeds like just fertilize to help fertilize, to help nurture and grow what's already innately in there. It just needs the right
Annie Sicard: combination of nutrients, water, and sun.
Annie Sicard: And I would like to be part of that process. An additional part of that process
Annie Sicard: like there are millions and millions and millions of us doing that for each other every moment of every day. And I want to be one of those millions that are doing that I would hope to
Annie Sicard: help imprint in the mind of technology
Annie Sicard: some of these real, beautiful aspects of what it is to be a human being and really help
Annie Sicard: technology imprint that and
Annie Sicard: also a healthy relationship assistance for healthy relationship with all things. And we know that all, all of creation
Annie Sicard: is divine.
Annie Sicard: Rock, mineral, you know. Plant matter, like absolutely everything that exists
Annie Sicard: here in the now is an outpouring, the essence of the divine.
Annie Sicard: Therefore, my relationship with my car, my relationship with my computer and my phone, my respect and my relationship with technology, my respect and relationship with this with the planet, like my respect and my relationship with absolutely everything that is.
Annie Sicard: is an opportunity to express those self actualized principles of what it is to be at the highest level of humanity, that
Annie Sicard: connection and love, and recognizing, we are literally creating our heaven or our hell.
Annie Sicard: The way that we respond emotionally to the outward material world and the N-word energetic world.
Vic Sicard: Yeah, no, I get it. It's
Vic Sicard: it's not a. It's not a light undertaking. There's a lot, you know, on that same idea as far as legacy and Google searching and things of that nature.
Vic Sicard: If you were to just think back, if you were to take a little nugget of
Vic Sicard: advice that you could go back in time, and maybe tell your younger self about, or explain or help
Vic Sicard: 2 parts of the question. A, what would it be.
Vic Sicard: And B. Would you do that?
Annie Sicard: Shit.
Annie Sicard: 1st thing that comes to mind is courage.
Annie Sicard: I've had a lot of courage in my life.
Annie Sicard: And I've done a lot of things that I wasn't necessarily trained for, but
Annie Sicard: I dove in and and did it
Annie Sicard: for the experience of it, and I allowed myself to be uncomfortable and feel insecure.
Annie Sicard: and the flip side of that is, that's what courage is right, that's what courage is. You just
Annie Sicard: witness it, experience it. But you keep moving.
Annie Sicard: So courage is the thing to just
Annie Sicard: recognize like you don't have to know everything.
Annie Sicard: You don't have to have a degree, or this piece of paper for almost everything.
Annie Sicard: so don't let it hold you back.
Annie Sicard: Don't let it hold you back, and I think maybe the other thing is, you know, I would
Annie Sicard: re, I would remind remind myself of my value
Annie Sicard: that I am wanted and needed in this world.
Annie Sicard: and that we are all wanted and needed in this world. We wouldn't be here.
Vic Sicard: Troops in the pudding.
Annie Sicard: Yeah, so, yeah.
Vic Sicard: Great, great. Well, that's so. We've covered a lot of paces.
Vic Sicard: lot of time frames, a lot of experiences.
Vic Sicard: Is there anything that I haven't asked you that you wish I had, or anything you'd like to add to this.
Annie Sicard: Yeah, I I would like, for the result of all of this would be to create community.
Annie Sicard: That's really what I'd want to do create community and create conversation because
Annie Sicard: everyone is having their own individual, unique experience. And it helps us so much to learn and hear what other people are going through, and some of the things that they've discovered within themselves, and
Annie Sicard: throwing out ideas. And you know, philosophies and just dialoguing. And just, you know, connecting on that level, on a level that is genuine and real.
Annie Sicard: and and just grow that.
Vic Sicard: Awesome. Well.
Vic Sicard: that has been a wonderful conversation, and I appreciate you taking the time to answer these truthfully, wholeheartedly, and
Vic Sicard: passionately. Thank you for the all that.
Vic Sicard: And yeah, we will continue this path and create some wonderful content for you and show you some amazing results.
Annie Sicard: Thank you. That was awesome.
Vic Sicard: Very much, enjoy your day.
Annie Sicard: Thank you. Bye.